This book is like a bad blind date. It is not entertaining and engrossing, much worse. It is also a pure physical and emotional torture. Nothing works. It deals with the old debate of the bad seed child arguments and distinctive problems that are brought to a marriage. I skim by plot and want to know what happens next. After forty five percent or until page twenty one, I give up. I can not connect with characters and story line. The story changes perspectives multiple times. All the things that connect the reader to the characters were missing. The characters are cliched, ridiculous underdeveloped and too stupid to be believed. I want to beat the crap out of every character. There is no distinction between their voice. I get mixed up as to whose point of view is represented. Do not expect the sympathy for the characters, including Christopher, Hannah and the incredibly stupid doctor. The reader will not come across as a believable character. The author is overboard on the aspect of a lot of vivid or descriptive child and animal abuse. I would like to get some scenes out of my mind. The couple seems to be childish, naive and total idiots, as if they were at the top of their medical fields. They take on a severely traumatized child without understanding him and they do not communicate and try to hide bad things. The adopted children are so disturbed and evil. My husband and I adopted a foster child who has behavioral issues. As years progressed, the child got more violent and took the rage out on me. My husband did witness some but not all. Our marriage is under extreme distress. This book goes into a place of being almost silly, not something that could ever happen. It can not hit too close to a real home. The writing is not pretty well and engaging. The story ends abruptly without an incredibly obvious resolution. I am irritated by the writing that seems to lack depth. It is one of the most disturbing books I have ever read. I can not recommend this book if you have a weak stomach, skip this one.