The story is dialogue driven and the dialogue is magical. I laughed out loud many times as the pages flew by. There are no issues with gratuitous violence or sexual content and just a few bombs that were totally unnecessary. In fact, they were the only expletives on one page, absurd. That issue aside, this book is worth every one of those five star and then some, Bravo, Ms Vanderah. The importance of forgiveness in life is also covered. The author ties everything up at the end very nicely and all the answers are there. An interesting mix of characters also contributed to the plot. I loved the independence of Tabby. I would like to meet her and have a conversation and I highly recommended. I downloaded this book this afternoon as a Kindle First Look and I finished it a half hour ago. The characters were achingly real, the dialogue authentic, the emotions raw, and the plot had just the right twist to remain plausible with the rest of the story. Brilliant first novel, yet my only regret is that it was not a little longer and I can not wait for a sequel to revisit these characters. The story is captivating and flows in an authentic way as their lives get more entwined. I was impressed to see this is a debut novel. I read it over a twelve hour period and when I had to put the book down, I could not quit thinking about it. The ending was a little drawn out as the story lines are pulled all together, and there is a subplot with a secondary character family back story that seemed unnecessary and these were tiny bumps in a well told story. If you like stories where you can root for the characters and watch them overcome pain from their past, this one is for you. I feel that it is the writer duty to grab a reader attention and never let it go. How they feel you in and then let you pull the line out as far as you can go and then slowly reel you back in until you land at the end is required, the author did this for me. The author hooked me and I could not stop reading until the end and you will not either. This story pulled me in from the beginning, wrapping me in the extraterrestrial plot line, charming me with every interaction. The tragic twist reveals itself in such a natural, unforced way. It broke my heart in all the best ways and I predict it will stay with me for a long time. This is a story that shows the survival of human spirit and how we get through our tragedies that often are on our paths through life. An amazing story that lifted my spirit, fantastic read. Thanks to Glendy Vanderah, may we please see more stories by you. At first I was not sure if this would be a fantasy or literary fiction but in the end, the story was told well and made me both laugh and cry, which to me is the marker of a well written novel. I thoroughly enjoyed this story. I downloaded it, read a couple of chapters and deleted it off my kindle. This is typically the kind of book that I like but the whole beginning of this was so ridiculous that I could not even stand it. She meets this kid who within in the first five minutes basically says I am an alien and that she heard cheese is good. Seriously, the writing of this booking is awful to move on. This is one of those stories that have enough strangeness in the early pages to beckon you on. The slow pace of the story in the early stages tended to be overwrought as the backstories of the main characters are fleshed out. The story picks up quite a bit as the mystery of Ursa, the young girl, is finally teased out but it feels somewhat abrupt, leading to a drawn out third act that is designed to wring out heartache and tears, before wrapping up all threads into a pretty purple bow.