Having known a few former operators and many current contractors, it just does not feel right to me. Motivations for key characters seem to be based on past experiences as victims, as if only victims can have passion in their endeavors. Love of country is absent in all of the characters, but how else does one become a Tier One operator without earning that status through service to country. Worth the read as a free book, but glad I did not pay for it. There are no good guys, just a group of murderers who ply their craft and try not to be victims themselves. Long, boring passages are inserted between the evil versus evil shootouts. Disappointing. This book would have been better in a condensed version. It was just too long and detailed and I skimmed the last couple of chapters because I was getting bored. This book left me feeling indifferent and some situations seemed too far fetched to be possible. It is a story that is very predictable and boring and the characters are well developed but the story itself is not great. There are so many holes in this story and it is so impractical and preposterous. I do not want to write any spoilers, but if it was not for a long plane ride and I would have dumped this from my kindle. Too many voices telling the story and I never got a sense of who or why they were involved. Formulaic conspiracy theory thriller, mercenaries get sucked in, turn to good side battling evil defense contractor. The author wrote some very good paragraphs, some showing keen insight into the human condition, ultimately, though, the book is tedious and simply goes on too long. The author, like many writers in the genre, goes to great lengths to establish credibility, such as providing detailed information on weapons and locations, but the author fails to address, much less correct, fundamental issues such as the nature of his characters work and their value as human beings. For example, Livia Lone is a Seattle police officer, albeit a murderous avenging angel. Why is she associating with hired killers and mercenaries. When I first started reading this book the plot grabbed me and I was very excited to keep reading, however about halfway through, the author stopped focusing on the plot and really just focused on the wide variety of characters. The characters were interesting but too many of them and it quickly clouded the plot, by the end I was happy to be done with it. I enjoyed some of the characters, but as others have written, too many people are saying a whole lot of nothing. The writing gets very confusing after page one hundred, cliched and fight scenes seem scripted from a bad action movie. Starts with an interesting premise, but became messy and just not terribly interesting. This book, like what many writers do, was practically a sequel to previous books. Much to much referred back and I mean a lot, so for me the story dragged. Hardly a few pages went by an someone brought up the past and did not summarize so I never got into any feelings for these characters, very bad effort.