I can not recommend this book if you have a weak stomach and this book deals with the old debate of the bad seed child arguments. I am sure the book is well written and this just was not a book for me. If you read it, go into knowing it touches on the bad seed theory and the distinctive problems that are brought to a marriage because of it, it is not pretty. Psych thrillers are my favorite genre but this story was way too much because of the ridiculous characters. The child was so disturbed and evil and the parents are total idiots. Bring home a very disturbed child, add a pet, a new baby, and a dumb as dirt social worker and voila. A great read, not so much. The writing is very good though but the characters were too stupid to be believed and skip this one. Do not expect to feel sympathy for most of the characters and the foster care adoption process of a profoundly disturbed child seemed nonchalant, the lack of support unbelievable. But maybe that is how it really is. In all honesty, you will simply want to smack the three narrators for their utter, unrelenting stupidity. I find myself skimming while I read and drawn in by the plot and wanting to know what happens next, yet I irritated by the writing that seems to lack depth. Even more, the characters are cliched and underdeveloped. There is no distinction between the voice of Hannah. In fact, I sometimes get mixed up as to whose point of view is represented. And the child, the character really can not get a handle on her. Does not come across as a believable character and I am factoring in the trauma that defines her. I have not read this yet, and while it is the type of suspense I enjoy, I am hesitant to read it, and would like to ask those of you have read it, if I should. My husband and I adopted a foster child we knew to have behavioral issues we thought we could love away. As years progressed our foster child got more and more violent and took their rage out on me, not my husband. My husband did witness some but not all, and a lot of the worst behavior was hidden from my husband. Our marriage was under extreme distress due to all of the above. Does this book go into a place of being almost silly, not something that could ever happen or would this book be something that could possibly hit too close to home. The writing was five star but if this book was meant to be entertaining it was not. It was pure physical and emotional torture and it reminded me of the original movie The Bad Seed and another movie The Children Hour, but much, much worse. Me and this book were like a bad blind date, nothing worked and be aware that there is a lot of vivid detail regarding child abuse, and there is also animal abuse. I am not squeamish in the least, but, for me, the author went way overboard on this aspect. There are scenes I wish I had not read that I would like to get out of my mind. I could have, maybe not enjoyed, but appreciated the story despite the abundance of detail, if I would liked the main characters, but I did not. The couple seems almost childish and naive, especially considering they are at the top of their medical fields and they do not communicate well. The writing style did not engage me, so as I said, a bad blind date. I read this book in less than a day and the story is that engrossing, as are all books of this author. I wanted to pretty much beat the crap out of every character in this book, especially Christopher. Truly one of the most disturbing books I have ever read, how a doctor could be so incredibly stupid made this book too unbelievable for me. I chose this book and it took a little time to get going until about forty five percent of the way in, by then, I had already figured out the character of two of the main characters and figured there would be a rapid decline in a third. Once it picked up, I was determined to finish it quick to see the end. I do wish there was a postscript to know what ultimately happened as I feel it ended abruptly and without a resolution, however, I enjoy and prefer stories that have a resolution or an incredibly obvious one. Still, I enjoyed reading this book and it was interesting to see three different characters especially in a story like this where one person is in serious denial and places someone on a pedestal and another connected to the first by the third who sees things for what they are but is alienated by the excuse making. I honestly did not make it too far, page twenty one to be exact, before I got frustrated and gave up. I personally like details about the characters worked into the story line so that I can see them and connect with them as I read, however, I had read four different parts, each by a different character and I felt like I knew nothing about them. That was my main problem, the story changed perspectives multiple times. I felt as though it was the same character and I had no idea if they were young or old.