Beautifully written and the author has a way of transporting you to her homeland and sways you to see Afghanistan as a beautiful place that was overthrown and crushed by horrible events. The book educates you on why some people stayed and others fled. I can not imagine the tough decisions that those parents had to make for their children and great book definitely recommend it. I could not put this book down and this book was very well written and straight from the heart. The story was relayed with great honesty and so touching to imagine how her life changed from one of privilege to one of fighting for life after the soviet army invaded Afghanistan. Ultimately the family was reunited which was a great relief after all they endured. This memory opened a door into a completely different perspective of what Afghanistan was like before the country was torn apart. I settled on The Broken Circle as I love memoirs and I was not disappointed and this was a great book that I finished it in just over a day, could not put it down. I also have to thank the author for introducing me to the poetry of Hafiz and her father quotes it to her. I wish the author would write a sequel because I would like to know about their emigration to the United States and where the family all settled. It is unbelievable the trek she took as a little girl to get out of Afghanistan. I read this quickly and was very interested in this true story about immigration and being a political refugee. The topic is very relevant at this point in our own American history as we struggle to come to a new chapter in how the USA grapples with border security, a need for capable workers, and our history as a welcoming country for refugees. In light of all the misery that exists in our world today, this book is a reminder that all is not just bleakness, the human spirit and love can prevail. These refugees were triumphant, they succeeded in surviving, however, without the monetary and human resources they were able to use, the outcome would probably have been tragic, so many refugees are not as fortunate. This is a story of one family journey towards freedom and democracy, how many families have a much sadder story to tell, when will we ever learn, will greed and the lust for wealth and power prevail, or will love. Loved the book, an amazing and inspiring true story of courage, patience and strength in the face of desperate odds against survival. I hope the author will write another book that tells her life story after she got to the US as well as her family story here. Many Americans have no idea of the suffering and sacrifices many immigrants have made to come to this country. Thank you for sharing your story, so well written and I could not put it down. I have known several families from Afghanistan but they never wanted to talk about their trials getting here, only that some came thorough the mountains. What a strong people and what a wonderful contribution they have made to our country. Our current leaders would do well to read this memoir and realize what makes our country strong. We need to start thinking globally and to love globally and bring peace everywhere. In 1980 the USSR invaded Afghanistan and this event begins the story of a family of four kids, all kids walking through Hindu Kush Mountains with a hired guide escaping Kabul by going to Pakistan. The true story is told through the eyes of the youngest girl and it is a very good story. The true story of a young girl and her family horrific escape from Russian occupied Afghanistan had me hooked immediately. Told from her perspective as a young child made it unforgettable. The author is sharing of her family Muslim faith and traditions were an education and enlightenment. Thoroughly enjoyed it and I would like to know more about her and her family once they emigrated to the USA. I would highly recommend this autobiography. The story is both inspiring and heartbreaking. The journey of the protagonist with her family to escape the oppression was a true adventure full of love, horror and compassion for others. I almost read this in one day but sleep demanded that I rest. We all are faced with struggles in our lives that we feel are insurmountable until you read a book like this. You realize events can be a stumbling block or stepping stone. This book was a page turner for me and I highly recommend this book.