The last book of The Tree of Ages but not the characters. Evil faries, good fairies, mages and magic every thing you could imagine and more. Best of all a heroine that cares more for her friends and lost friends than she does her own life. This book kept me reading for three days most books I can leave and not pick up for days. Can hardly wait for Finnur and friends further adventures, please continue to write great stories. I was eagerly awaiting the final installment in the Tree of Ages books, the last book left us with a cliffhanger with a certain destructive prophecy which spelled bad news for a few of our favorite characters. I am so happy that the series wrapped up without major tragedy and with a few interesting twists and turns. I loved the warrior and how his story ended up as well as I thought it was a great and meaningful resolution for all the characters. Great end, great series, highly recommended for fans of the fantasy genre. Well done. I have been captivated by the books, being a part of my every day for the past few months. I feel a loss now that I have reached the end. I do hope to see these characters again as Sara has suggested would come. I will have to find other entertainments until then and I love a well developed character. Book five is a fantastic end to the quest and a fantastical story in a magical world that seemed real. The arc finishes but leaves it open for more adventures and I so liked the characters that I would love to come back for a visit. For a moment I thought this was not to be the finale and I cringed, however, I was not disappointed. It has been a long time since I have read a saga and I am glad to have ventured into this adventurous fantasy when I did. This was a great series and I especially liked the ending when the author actually told you what all of the main characters were planning next. That aspect was very satisfying and I enjoyed all of the books in the series. This series kept me entranced to keep reading all the books to find out the outcome and I enjoyed reading them. I will recommend this saga to all my book buddies. I was happy to learn of more books, thank you. The last book in this series did not disappoint me, it was everything I hoped for and more. The imagination that went into each character I just do not know how Sara does it. You can not help love the all and I am sad this adventure is over but look forward to new ones with the same characters. Thoroughly enjoyed this series, magic, mystery, quests, soul searching, adventure, enemies, surprise endings at the end of each volume. Just the thing to wile away the winter weather with and give yourself a treat and give it a read. What a fantastic series this has been and I could not put any of the books down and I am a bit sad they are over. Wonderful adventures and friendships forged with what seems like enemies and I can not wait to see what adventures they find next.