I just finished the book What the Wind Knows and I have so many thoughts and feelings going through my mind and my heart right now. This just was not reading a book and this was an impossible journey of the heart. While reading, I was in Ireland, the countryside, the people, the history. I was a front seat observer into something so tragic and beautiful and heart wrenching and I barely have words. This was a journey I will never forget and I want to go back, if I am being honest, I did not want to leave. I just an in awe of Amy Harmon, just when I think she can not bring something better than she is already written, my mind and heart are just blown away. To be honest, I tend to struggle with the concept of time travel, although an older PBS special about time has changed my opinions. I was not a fan of the first Outlander book, however, I enjoyed this book and can definitely recommend it. The history blended in nicely and the author tried to stay true to the facts, which I found interesting. In my opinion, the romance was more of a Victoria Holt Gothic style. One person complained about the errors in the Yeats quotes. As I am not an expert, it has been years since my school grammar lessons and now with auto correct mishaps. I am a lot more tolerant and I enjoyed this, as about halfway through it totally grabbed me. Amy Harmon tells a story like no other author I have read. The author draws you in without you even being aware of it. It is magic. I have read almost all of her books, and each deserves five stars. The book captured my mind with the history, my heart with the depth of the love and romance, my imagination with the magic of crossing time. The story and characters touched me deeply and I feel I understand Ireland and her people just a little better. Sweeping all the comparisons to other books aside, and trying to read this book for what it is, I found it enjoyable and the story was not a major literary event. Despite the early and somewhat overwrought five star reviews, the writing seems to me not lyrical, not amazing, but a fine read, and the story was fun if you like light romances set in a historical time period, which I do. I also agree that those early five star reviews lead me to believe this was more of an opus. After I got over my surprise that it was not, I enjoyed it. Not sure I would actively seek out more from this author, but would buy another of her books, if the story line seemed interesting. A lot of Ireland history is shared in this wonderful love story between a grandson and his granddaughter. A child and his mother and father and a couple who found a love so strong it allowed them to reach through time to be together again. This was an entertaining book that leaves the reader with a warm and cozy feeling. Perhaps the magic in Ireland could make this all true and you just need to find that four leaf clover. Love Amy Harmon, and this book is no exception. It is different than her other books that I have read, but she creates characters that feel real. Makes me want to go to Ireland. As far as the one star reviewer who posted that the reviews were fake because how could a first read book have twelve reviews the first day. The fake reviewers should be banned from reviewing and they admittedly did not read the book. And, as any First Read patron knows, the book selections have sucked in recent months, to finally have a great choice, from a truly amazing author is a gift. I have been affected deeply by this book and I feel changed deeply by reading this and the story pulled my in strongly. I also have Irish ancestry, which is why I chose it. This time period in Ireland history is not as well know to me, as I have focused on earlier centuries. As always Irish history is heart wrenching in it is tragedies but also the Irish are amazingly resilient and determined, loved all the leading characters and felt like I knew them personally. I love to read and I love to read fiction and I do not like history. The usual history books are so dry with battles, dates, and names with no significance to me. This historical fiction book is magical and I have visited Ireland three times and love it dearly but have not studied its history. I know only of the famine and the turmoil caused by English rule. The history I love is in how lives were lived and how those people survived while history was being made. And this book does that for me and Amy Harmon is a superb writer and I love her story. Drawn into another world, the atmosphere is ephemeral. Ireland and it is fight for independence is captured in a misty wind that contains historical characters and occurrences which are solid. Historical fiction but not romanticized and it travels in time and the people come alive with astonishing solidity. First, I love historical fiction and my son in law was born and raised in Ireland so I like to read about that country history. Sadness, perseverance and strength go hand in hand with loyalty and love. This was a delightful read, finished in two nights, the characters are developed and described so vividly you can visualize the story in your mind. I highly recommend this book and have been motivated to look into others she has penned, thank You Amy. Well researched, mostly fictional story set in the midst of the Irish revolt against the British in the early 1920. Extremely successful author Anne inadvertently travels from 2001 to 1922 as she becomes fogged in while alone on a boat on an Irish bough. The story is written primarily through the lens of Anne experiences plus the journal entries of an early twentieth century Irish MD. This provides the reader with two intelligent perspectives and juxtaposes the experience of being in the past to the present. The story of Anne life in the past is overlaid with fascinating people who gave their lives, sometimes literally, for Irish independence. Anne story is a sweet love story with an ending that is satisfying and leaves open the possibility of a sequel.