I had been seeing previews and reviews of this book for a few months now, so I was excited when it finally came out. Unfortunately for me, with so much hype around the book, came high expectations that just were not met after reading the book. Right away it was way too similar to Sparrow, which I actually enjoyed a lot more than this. The character was able to break free from the archaic pressures and upbringing of her parents world, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. I really enjoy this author, but some of her other anti heroes were much better than this. I was so excited for this book and could not wait to start since everything I saw from people that had already read it, had me counting down the days of its release. The story line had a lot of potential, but I feel like it was not utilized and I did not get the love triangle feel as was advertised. The story was still written well enough that it was easy to finish and I realized rather quickly where the story was going to go, but the author definitely threw in a few revelations that had me not wanting to stop. This book could have easily been a four star read, had it not been for all of the grammatical errors. It is unfortunate that with the amount of people that read this book before it was published, they were not able to pick up on missing words or wrong forms of words used. I would recommend this book to people, as long as they knew not to judge the author by this one alone. The author has so many other good ones and I guess they can not all be five stars. This is a talented writer, so my rating is not a reflection of that talent. The author did a poor job of developing the character, who was so silly. The default response of the protagonist to most issues is the bawling and her cheating and indecision was tiresome. The character was explained by the fact that she went to boarding school in Europe, as though that was to blame for lack of maturity and naivety and why do women authors write such terrible female characters. The author maintain the same level of immaturity through most of the book and found some backbone about the the most part mark in the book. The time was spent to explain the character and his motives, so there was understanding of his motives and behavior and this author has done better. Definitely my least favorite book of this author. The heroine Francesca was just so flighty and immature I could hardly stand to read about her. Though set in modern times, it felt more like a historical romance. The happily ever after seemed sudden and was unconvincing and I love this author but not this book. The book had very little substance and just a bunch of manufactured issues resulting from immature characters, not terribly creative. I am not sure why so many people are excited about an older guy abusing and raping a young girl. I feel like I was reading a different book than the one reviewed and I am not a big fan of historical romance and this felt very much like that. As I was reading, my mind took on an English accent because the language was so regency like. So ridiculous I could not get past twenty eight percent and maybe I will try to read again at some late date. The writing was well done but the near rape scene was disgusting and it ruined the whole book for me. I know these kinds of books are not supposed to imitate reality but it really sets the wrong idea for relationships. I felt gross reading the rest of the book after that part. I really hope readers do not think that is okay for either the man or woman to go through. The premise was interesting and it held my attention, but I do not think those details outweigh the bad. First, let me say that I love this author and she creates great characters and her plots are unique. My problem with this book was with the editing and there were multiple instances where words were used incorrectly. It almost felt like an auto correct mistake, but it took away from her otherwise great writing. So many mistakes in the kindle version, words missing, words misspelled so this book was very annoying. And some of the sentence structure made the story confusing. I had to reread paragraphs to try to figure out what the author was trying to say, nevertheless, this book was an entertaining story, if a little cliche. I rolled my eyes about as much as our protagonist with the every other page sexual language and descriptive sexual behavior. The plot is good and most of the characters were well developed. Disappointed that the author thought she needed all this extra nonsense to tell a good story and I would have kept turning the pages without it.