I initially thought that the novel is dedicated to the long exhausted subject of mercy killings and the novel is definitely one of author best, however, only uses this topic as a backdrop to the far more engaging subject matter. The real topic of the book is an obsessive fixation on their spouses that Allie and Jamie mistake for love. This obsession leads Jamie to smother his wife with a pillow and the author shows a surprising psychological insight in her depiction of what such an obsessive fixation does to a marriage. As much as one wants to blame Cam and Maggie for doing what they did, it is impossible to feel anything but compassion towards these characters. Jamie and Allie neurotic fixation is of a kind that always leads to a death of a marriage. This was one of author best and a tender heart theme weaved with striking metaphors. As usual the author theme of moral justice is stirred through the pages carefully. With just the right finesse, so the reader is not drowned by its burden. It is thought provoking to the point where you just can not put it down. So get ready for some late nights and I highly recommend. I was afraid to read Mercy and I did not want to know about someone unbelievable pain. I also did not understand the kind of love that would propel someone to kill another for any reason, but I started to read and could not put the book down. The book is so much more than I ever thought and lots of twists and turns and courtroom drama that is unmatched. The ending is Perfect and this is a must read, the author is at her best. I enjoyed this book and it made you think about what you would do if ever asked to do what was done for a loved one. It was hard to fault the husband for what was asked of him under the circumstances. There were different situations presented in this book which made for an interesting read. I love every single one of the author books and this is no exception. It has gotten to the point where if I see she has a new book I just order it right away and I have never been disappointed. The author writes about some very controversial subjects and really gets you to think. I have shared her books with my daughters, workers and even a senior citizen and without exception everyone has loved them. Because part of the story line is about a man and woman having an affair, it makes it hard for me to read. I feel passionately that people should not have affairs. But the book is written in the true style of this author, and challenges me with thinking about ethical issues as does all her writing, from beginning to end, a real page turner. One of the best aspects of stories of this author is the honest and raw emotions of her characters. In Mercy, the author has shown a keen insight into who each of these people really are with all of their flaws, desires and dreams exposed. Reading this book is like stepping into virtual reality to experience someone else life, one of her best. Mercy was good and the descriptions of their little town, the colloquialism of their little town. The plot was nicely depicted in this story and to me, it is not one of her best but as all books of this author are, worth picking up. Romantic story and I could not put down until all the problems were resolved satisfactory. Found it a little bizarre that the chief of police could conduct an affair so blatantly in a close knit community. Did not give credibility to an otherwise enthralling story and the subject of euthanasia continues to be relevant to us all. Another story of this author with a controversial subject, in this case, euthanasia. The book examines all aspects of the mercy killing of a wife with end stage metastatic cancer by her husband who can not stand to see her suffer anymore. When the wife asks her husband to end her life he does in the most gentle way he can think of because he loves her so much.