This book is well written. It definitely grabs your attention and interest. But only one of the characters is appealing to this reader and all the others are so flawed as to be unlikable or demonic. There are several tragedies, incest, cruel distant parents, betrayal of partners and murders of two innocent children, no humor, nor sympathetic characters nor hope for any kind of reasonable future. I am sorry I was sucked in, and finished the book. This book is not fast paced nor a page turner by any stretch of the imagination. The female cop is as nuts as the family condoning incest. Some things just did not fit nor did they make sense. Of course, a reader is unable to get any of this from the book description. It is a waste of time and money if you pay for it. The writing was okay. Not a bad read, but nothing spectacular. A fine beach read. My biggest gripe is that the author clearly did not do any research on her setting. As a native I can tell you that her characterization of Pete was way off. This is just indicative of lazy writing and poor research skills. She would have been far better off choosing a fictional beach town for her novel. No doubt about it, Lauskes can write. I did feel this novel was a bit of a slow burn and this lead my mind to wander at times. The back and forth in time could be confusing and the characters repeatedly bumped or brushed shoulders in the first half of the novel, which was distracting. A good story that, in my opinion, was not executed well. In so many ways. I made myself finish it. No likable characters, horribly drawn out and ridiculous ending. Spare yourself. Incredibly annoying reader, especially when she does the child voice. The writing is full of fluffy, forced adjectives and the story was predictable. This book was twisty, yet predictable. I figured some variation of the ending. I am left feeling that justice was not served at all. The detective, Alice, is so rude to her partner. His patience is incredible and unrealistic. The Burke family is messed up and a lot of their issues go unresolved and unanswered in the end. There were definitely a few connections I did not make, though, that kept me on my toes. I liked the writing style, skipping from character viewpoints and before or after the kidnapping kept it interesting. Slow burner, not a fast page turner. It is not that I did not enjoy this book. This mix of Casey Anthony meets a combo of SVU episodes. It is just that after all I went through to get to the end. It was a let down. This story can stand up to more edits, less references to the title, more angst and thrill, less soap opera. There are such stirrings of great potential here, but it is just not quite great as it is. Do not read unless you like the dark side of things or life. Predicted the ending by the half way point. Do not recommend this book. Maybe it was my state of mind but I am still wondering what I have just read. Too many characters, too many descriptions of the emotions and thoughts of each character. Not realistic. I could come up with more reasons for my confusion but those of you that choose to read may get it better than I did.