This author pulled me into her debut novel from the very first page and it is an intense story about a young woman, Katie, trying to figure out whether her father unjustly went to prison for allegedly raping her best friend. The author writes in clear prose and builds suspense artfully and Readers will fall in love with her authentic characters. Each character is ever so human and I highly recommend this book and predict you will find yourself reading it late into the night, then picking it up the first thing the next morning. I know the author through writing circles but had never seen any of her novel previously. This is the dilemma Katie is faced with as she searches for answers as to what really happened that last summer at the lake with her father and her friend Lulu. This book kept me engrossed to the very end and I could not put it down. It was refreshing to read a book where the author tied up the loose ends and did not leave you wondering at the end and I highly recommend this book. It took me a minute to get into this book but over all I enjoyed it. The outcome was a little crazy and I feel it could have been a little longer with going further into the other characters back stories. Also, the fact that her best friend gave into her father just because she liked him or should I say she wanted him to love her like he loved her best friend. That was a little crazy but hey I guess this happens. Over good read. I loved this book and this brought me straight back to my teenage years. It is written so well that I read it in two days. I felt like I knew this girl and the confusion one goes through as a teenager, liking boys, best friends, competition and jealousy over boys. The disillusion of grownups being perfect and realizing your parents are not all knowing, and may even be flawed. And that is not even getting into the story line, great story, thank you. This story is very deep and thought provoking and a lot of different things going on all throughout the story. There seems to be many different ways that this story can relate to readers. A lot about relationships and there is the rape and all the connotations that brings. This book almost begs to be reread, so as not to miss anything, thank you for a well done book, very touching novel, good work. This story opened a lot of wounds for me and the trust Lulu had for Katies dad is heartbreaking. The protagonist violated that, she was only a child and we always tell our children to be truthful, but when they are they are not believed. Katie wanted to believe that her father was perfect and honestly was in her eyes because so much was hidden from her. I enjoyed this book as it did not force me to analyze too much while reading it. I enjoyed the plot, the characters, the setting and it was exactly what I needed after a day of reading some pretty heavy non fiction in order to be able to do my job. If you want an interesting book that moves quickly and will not force you to analyze too much, this is the book for you. This was a tough read and I kept bouncing back and forth about the guilt of the dad. In that respect, it was unpredictable. And I found it interesting that his daughter considered her life so much better than her friend but neither of them had an ideal childhood. They just knew their own reality and the story wrapped up nicely, which was a plus. This book could very well been taken from a real life story and the development of a friendship, the betrayal of trust by a family member, and an it is all about me attitude led to great hurts. The lifestyles portrayed are an example of today society, whether you agree with the choices made or not, it is a good read with an unexpected ending. I enjoyed the character development in this book and I liked how the story unfolded, very well done and I recommend. I wonder how much she studied guys getting out of prison though, that part was unrealistic, killing off dad seemed rather convenient. Here you had this great conflict, and poof, he has gone and I did enjoy the book.